002023Arcaea International Competition\--Snowmelt Cup

Tournament Format

This tournament strictly prohibits any person closely related to judges
and players, to any activity that violates the fairness of the
tournament or undermines the legitimate rights and interests of others
by any means is strictly prohibited, and violators will be punished at
their own risk.

0.  Application requirements:

\(1\) Be able to communicate in English.

\(2\) Be able to record clear handcam.

\(3\) Have more than 80% of the chart in your division and must have all
the chart in that division with fixed number≥10.0.

1\. Number of Players: 48

> If the number of applicants \> 48, then the audition will be held. The
> audition mechanism is as follows.

2\. Tournament Format

\(1\) The tournament divides the contestants and songs into 3 divisions:
Speed/S Technical/T Complicated beats/Cb

Tips:

Speed: Chart to test the ability to cope with high-speed note patterns.

Technical: Chart to test positioning and the ability to cope with
complex note patterns.

Complicated beats: Chart to test the ability to cope with the complex
rhythm.

Max pure (±25ms) Pure (±50ms)

A detailed classification of the songs will be announced at the time of
application.

\(2\) Each group will only encounter opponents and songs from their own
division, and will only be able to ban/pick songs from their group (see
songs classification for details). Some songs will be classified into
multiple groups.

\(3\) Audition: Players are free to choose their division at the time of
registration, and play the corresponding three subject songs, and submit
their handcam and the score chart of each song to the judges (no
restarting in the middle and no editing of handcam). Players have the
right to change their division until the end of the registration period,
and to do so, they need to play again and notify the judges.

The auditions will be ranked according to the subject songs' scores
after the deadline. **At the end of the registration, when there are
divisions with registration number \> 16 and divisions with registration
number＜16, players after 16 in each division will be given the right to
change divisions, and players can play the subject songs of the division
with less than the number of players and rank in that division. But the
ranking certainly be lower than all the players originally in that
division.** After the division change, players who are still after 16
will be eliminated (Note: Players who switch divisions must also have at
least 80% of the score in that division and must have all songs in that
division with fixed number≥ 10.0).

If the number of players on each division is≥ 16 at the end of
registration, the players after 16 will be eliminated. And the
contestants who passed the audition will be examined for the song
library. Players need to bind bot with their own friend code, if any
player doesn't satisfy the conditions of the registration song library,
will be disqualified from the competition, and the place will be
replaced by the players after 16in the group in order.

(4) Round 1: 48 into 24 group competition

Groups of four players within the same division play a single round
competition. In the single round, each player will play two songs
randomly selected by the judge in the round, 6 songs per player, 3
rounds. Players can privately message the judge before the start of the
round to pick a song to increase its probability of being selected
\[probability change: 1/n→11/(n+10)\],or ban a song (**If the ban track
has been picked in this round, the pick is considered invalid.**
Ban/Pick must be within the song pool and cannot be changed).

The winner of each round will accumulate 1 point, and the total points
will be calculated after all the rounds are finished. The players who
rank 1 or 2 in the total points will advance, and if there are 3 or 4
top 2 players, the top 2 players, the top 2 will be chosen in an extra
round, and the number of extra songs and range of songs will be the same
as this round.

Grouping way: 4 people in each group according to the results of the
audition (ranking 1, 5, 9,13 players for a group), other similar.

The range of songs selected in this round is from the fixed number 9.3
to 10.9.

\(5\) Round 2: 24 into 12 individual competition

The first place player from each group in each division of the previous
round will play against the second place player from either group, but
the two players will not be form the same group of the previous round.

Process: Each player bans 3 songs→judge announces banned songs→each
player picks 2 songs + judge random 1 song, 5 songs in total. The player
with the highest total score will advance to the next round.

The range of songs selected in this round is from the fixed number 9.6
to 11.5.

\(6\) Round 3: team competition

Players in this round enter 3 teams of 4 people each by division.

Process: each team ban 3 songs→judge announces banned songs→each team
pick 2 songs + judge random 1 song, 7 songs in total.

There is no division of the song pool in this round, and all songs
within the difficulty range may appear. After each song is announced,
the team will be given 3 minutes to discuss the song and decide on the 2
players who will play the song and inform the judges, no change of
candidates will be allowed after the start of the playing session for
each song. Each player can only play a maximum of 4 songs.

The range of songs selected in this round is from the fixed number 10.5
to 12.0.

3.  Scoring way

Single Credits

Score=（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.9+Far\*0.2）/Note总数

Score=（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.9+Far\*0.2）/Note Total

Bonus points (determined by the player's group)

(1)Group/Individual Competition

Group S: When the single score opponent's single score≥20,000 the
scoring formula changes to:

（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.92+Far\*0.2）/Note Total

Group T: When the number of single Lost＜the number of opponent Lost the
scoring formula changes to:

（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.9+Far\*0.4）/Note Total

Group Cb: When the number of Pure of a single song≤10 and the score of a
single song≥9,970,000 the scoring formula changes to:

（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.9+Far\*0.3+Lost\*0.5）/Note Total

(2)Team Competition:

Group S: When the total score of the team's single - the highest score
of the total score of the other team's single≥40,000 the whole team
scoring formula changes to:

（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.92+Far\*0.2）/Note Total

Group T: When the team has the lowest total Lost number of single songs
the whole team scoring formula changes to:

（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.9+Far\*0.4）/Note Total

Group Cb: When the number of Pure of one's single score≤10 and the
single score≥9,970,000 the single scoring formula changes to:

（Maxpure\*1+Pure\*0.9+Far\*0.3+Lost\*0.5）/Note Total

Overtime Punishment: Overtime single points = single points \* (1 -
(overtime seconds\^2/3600))

Audition points = Total points of three subject songs.

4.  Time Allocation

Players should contact their opponents as soon as possible
after the grouping to confirm the game time and report to the judges.

Players should contact the judges for Ban or Pick [at least 30
minutes]{.underline} before the start of the game.

Group competition: Each song will start after 1 minute of public announcement, each song will last 5 minutes, during which time they are free to restart, and the settlement time must be within 5 minutes. Players will be given a 4-minute break at the end of each
round. Each field of the group stage can be separated, but it is
recommended that players in the same group finish as soon as
possible to facilitate statistics.

Individual Competition: Play song/rest time allocation same as group
competition.

Team competition: 3 minutes of discussion time given to team players after each song is announced, 6 minutes to play the song and 6 minutes to rest
(The time can be shortened if needed by the players).

5.  About Handcam/Score Screenshot

Handcam is required throughout the competition. The video must not be edited and must be timestamped (to the second) at
the beginning and end of the race, as indicated by the world clock.

Please be sure to capture a time-stamped screenshot at the end of the song. The screenshot and the handcam in case the
player may be mistakenly ruled out of time can be submitted as evidence to the judges for review.

Handcam only need to be submitted to the judges after the
winner\'s match; team completion need to be submitted by all after
the match.

Additional condition: If the player's Retry count is≤1, the timeout
penalty will not be triggered regardless of whether the timeout occurs,
and such condition can be appealed to the staff team accordingly.

6.  Tips of Ban and Pick

Ban: Disable a song so that it will not appear in the current round.

Pick: Choose a track so that it will definitely be featured in the
current round.

Group Competition Ban and Pick: Ban and Pick song will be
announced after the competition.

Individual/Team Competition: The banned song will be announced before the competition starts. Players will not be allowed to choose a pick from the banned songs. Picks will be announced after the competition.

Note: If a pick is repeated in the team competition,it will be
considered as one pick only.

If a pick is repeated in individual/team competition, it will be
considered as only one pick and the other pick will be converted into a
random track.

All random tracks in the individual/team competition will not be
duplicated with the pick tracks.

7\. Competition Schedule (GMT+8)\
Audition: 2023.1.5(0:00) - 2023.1.7(24:00)

Group Competition: January 8 to 11

> Individual Competition: January 12 to 14

8\. Available time slots (GMT+8)

> Group Competition (Single Game): Any 20 minutes during 8:00-21:00\
> Individual Competition: ①8:00-9:00\
>            ②14:00-15:00\
>            ③15:30-16:30\
>            ④19:00-20:00\
>           ⑤20:30-21:30

Team competition: The time will be decided by all players in consultation.

Please feel free to contact the judge to negotiate if there is any
other time arrangement, the competition time is for the playing stage.\
Prizes (all prizes awarded are discounted)\
Champion Team: Arcaea Sound Collection Album Per Person\
Runner-up/third place team: 1020 Memories Per Person

Top 24 to 300 Memories Per Person

Top 48:Draw 8 people for 100 Memories each person
